Care Team: "Hi, am I speaking with Dorothy?"
Dorothy: "Yes, that's me. Sorry, I'm a little hard of hearing — can you speak up?"
Care Team: "Of course. I'm calling from Carrum Health about your upcoming surgery consultation."
Dorothy: "Yes, my doctor referred me. Something about my hip, I think. Or maybe the knee. I have problems with both."
Care Team: "We have you noted for joint replacement. Let me ask a few questions. Are you a smoker?"
Dorothy: "What? Oh — no. Well, I used to be. A long time ago."
Care Team: "How long ago did you quit?"
Dorothy: "Oh goodness. My husband made me quit when we got married. That was 1987."
Care Team: "That's fine, that's well clear. Have you had physical therapy for the joint pain?"
Dorothy: "My granddaughter takes me to the pool on Tuesdays. We do the water aerobics class. Does that count?"
Care Team: "Has a physical therapist — a medical professional — ever treated you specifically for your hip or knee?"
Dorothy: "I'm not sure. I've seen so many doctors. There might have been someone. I'd have to look through my papers."
Care Team: "That's okay. We can follow up. Are you taking any prescription pain medications?"
Dorothy: "I take a lot of pills. Let me think. There's the blood pressure one, the cholesterol one, and something for the pain. I don't know the name. My daughter handles all of that."
Care Team: "Is the pain medication something you take every day?"
Dorothy: "I think so, yes. Every morning with breakfast. But I really don't know what it is."
Care Team: "We'll follow up with your daughter and your physician to get that clarified. When did you last see a dentist?"
Dorothy: "Recently. I think. My memory isn't what it used to be. Maybe last year? I honestly can't be sure."
Care Team: "Any dental work pending that you know of?"
Dorothy: "I don't think so. But like I said, my memory."
Care Team: "Dorothy, we're going to follow up with your care team to fill in some of the gaps. Is there someone we can contact who helps you manage your medical information?"
Dorothy: "My daughter Carol. She knows everything."
